-*- Outline -*-

Created		: Sat Oct 22 21:16:02 IST 2011
Last Modified	: Sun Oct 23 08:04:02 IST 2011

This repository / directory contains a list of my emacs lisp hacks, including
my emacs startup scripts. Except for the Emacs startup files the others have
not been touched for a while (for about 6-10 years). You've been warned. This
is just an attempt to bring them out into the exciting new world of social
coding on github. It's my habit to extensively comment my code, so do make it
a point to go through the comments in the files.

* elisp-tutorial

  I gave a few talks at my local LUG (at that time) - the ILUGC (Indian Linux
  Users Group, Chennai) on elisp programming. This is some material from that
  talk. I did not use any slides, so I wrote it all up as a small tutorial /
  document.

* .emacs, .customs.emacs, .gnus

  These three files along with a fourth called .gnus.private that for
  predictable reasons is not in this repository, form my Emacs startup script
  bunch. 

  .emacs can be done away with completely, and you can save .customs.emacs as
  your  .emacs to get started.

* sample.emacs

  This is the file I used to circulate to my friends and others who wanted a
  taste of my .emacs. Ofcourse my entire actual setup is available, but it
  could be too long and complex for some.

* OpenGL.el
  
  Back in grad school at the School of Computing, University of Utah, I
  dabbled with OpenGL. That was also the period of I was most prolific with my
  emacs lisp hacking as well. I took on the maintenance of the OpenGL mode for
  Emacs for a brief period. Now I cannot even remember if I passed on the
  'maintership' to anyone else... But I can tell you that I have not used it
  in a while myself.

* anniv.el

  For a long time The Emacs BBDB was my sole rolodex. I wrote up this short
  script to make birthday and anniversary entries in the Emacs diary (so I
  will be reminded about them.

* set-major-mode.el

  Many times, when a new file is opened, the correct editing mode cannot be
  selected.  Examples of this are text files that need Outline mode, shell
  scripts that do not have the .sh suffix, perl scripts that do not have the
  .pl suffix etc.  In these cases, the first line that is typed, typically is
  something that specifies the right mode (soemthing like #!/bin/bash or -*-
  Outline -*- or whatever).  So, by the time the user types RET for the first
  time in an originally empty buffer, we have enough info to set the right
  mode.  This saves one from typing in the right command to switch the mode
  manually (even if it is something as simple as M-x normal-mode RET :)

* frio-asm.el

  Frio DSP was a Intel-ADI joint effort at the time Intel first entered into
  the DSP space. I worked on a binary rewriter tool as an intern with Intel in
  the summer of 2001 and there was a lot of assembly programming (or at least
  reading) involved. This was my attempt to have a major mode for editing frio
  assembly files.

* lost.el

  At the ILUGC (Indian Linux Users Group, Chennai) there was a short live
  project called LOST - Linux One Stanza Tip. Volunteers wrote up small tips
  and formatted them in a very specfic way so they could be attached to the
  bottom of outgoing emails. This was my attempt to enable easy attachment of
  LOST snippets to emacs-based mail clients.

* random-man.el

  Use this to fetch and display a random man page inside Emacs. I have learnt
  a lot of Unix starting with this command :) This has been tested most
  recently (i.e. on Oct 23, 2011 08:00 IST) on Aquamacs 2.3a running on Mac OS
  X Lion (based on GNU Emacs 23.3)

* random-man-de-sugar.el

  Just the meat of random-man.el. Through the mists of time I am not able to
  recall why I needed a lean version of the file.

* rmail-block-sender.el

  Before I got onto the Gnus bandwagon, I actually used Rmail. Say what you
  want to about Rmail, but the most awesome thing about Rmail is it has one
  power user unlike any other - RMS himself. So I was confident it will
  continue to be maintained... 

  At any rate, this particular extension gives the ability to generate some
  procmail recipes to block senders from inside Rmail.

* wip - this is a directory of misc. work-in-progres snippets.
